You are given a string s and two integers x and y. You can perform two types of operations any number of times.

    Remove substring "ab" and gain x points.
        For example, when removing "ab" from "cabxbae" it becomes "cxbae".
    Remove substring "ba" and gain y points.
        For example, when removing "ba" from "cabxbae" it becomes "cabxe".

Return the maximum points you can gain after applying the above operations on s.

 

Example 1:

Input: s = "cdbcbbaaabab", x = 4, y = 5
Output: 19
Explanation:
- Remove the "ba" underlined in "cdbcbbaaabab". Now, s = "cdbcbbaaab" and 5 points are added to the score.
- Remove the "ab" underlined in "cdbcbbaaab". Now, s = "cdbcbbaa" and 4 points are added to the score.
- Remove the "ba" underlined in "cdbcbbaa". Now, s = "cdbcba" and 5 points are added to the score.
- Remove the "ba" underlined in "cdbcba". Now, s = "cdbc" and 5 points are added to the score.
Total score = 5 + 4 + 5 + 5 = 19.

Example 2:

Input: s = "aabbaaxybbaabb", x = 5, y = 4
Output: 20

 

Constraints:

    1 <= s.length <= 105
    1 <= x, y <= 104
    s consists of lowercase English letters.
## Code:

``` java
class Solution {
    
    public int maximumGain(String s, int x, int y) 
    {
        StringBuilder stack=new StringBuilder();
        if(x>y)
        {
            int p1 =maximumGain(s,stack,'a','b',x);    
            int p2= maximumGain(stack.toString(),new StringBuilder(),'b','a',y);
            return p1+p2;
        }
        else
        {  
            int p1 =maximumGain(s,stack,'b','a',y);    
            int p2= maximumGain(stack.toString(),new StringBuilder(),'a','b',x);
            return p1+p2;
        }
    }

    private int maximumGain(String s,StringBuilder stack,char ch1,char ch2,int point)
    {
        int n=s.length();
        int maxScore=0;
        for(int i=0;i<n;i++)
        {
            char ch=s.charAt(i);
            if(!stack.isEmpty()  && ch==ch2 && stack.charAt(stack.length()-1)==ch1)
            {
                stack.deleteCharAt(stack.length()-1);
                maxScore+=point;
            }
            else
            {
                stack.append(ch);
            }
        }
        return maxScore;
    }
}
```
