It is a sweltering summer day, and a boy wants to buy some ice cream bars.

At the store, there are n ice cream bars. You are given an array costs of length n, where costs[i] is the price of the ith ice cream bar in coins. The boy initially has coins coins to spend, and he wants to buy as many ice cream bars as possible. 

Note: The boy can buy the ice cream bars in any order.

Return the maximum number of ice cream bars the boy can buy with coins coins.

You must solve the problem by counting sort.

 

Example 1:

Input: costs = [1,3,2,4,1], coins = 7
Output: 4
Explanation: The boy can buy ice cream bars at indices 0,1,2,4 for a total price of 1 + 3 + 2 + 1 = 7.

Example 2:

Input: costs = [10,6,8,7,7,8], coins = 5
Output: 0
Explanation: The boy cannot afford any of the ice cream bars.

Example 3:

Input: costs = [1,6,3,1,2,5], coins = 20
Output: 6
Explanation: The boy can buy all the ice cream bars for a total price of 1 + 6 + 3 + 1 + 2 + 5 = 18.

 

Constraints:

    costs.length == n
    1 <= n <= 105
    1 <= costs[i] <= 105
    1 <= coins <= 108
    
### Code:
``` java
class Solution {
    public int maxIceCream(int[] costs, int coins) {
    Arrays.sort(costs);
    int count=0;
    int i=0;
    while(i<costs.length)
    {
      if(coins-costs[i]>0 ||coins-costs[i]==0)
      {
        coins-=costs[i];
        count++;
      }
      else break;
      i++;
    }
    return count;
    }
}
```
### Optimal Code: (Used Frequency Array instead of sorting)
``` java
class Solution {
    public int maxIceCream(int[] costs, int coins)
    {
        // maxCost=100000;
        // Create a frequency array to count the occurrences of each cost
        int [] costFrequency = new int[100000 + 1];
        for (int cost : costs) costFrequency[cost]++;
        int icecreamsCount = 0;

        // Iterate through the frequency array from the lowest cost to the highest
        for (int eachCost = 1; eachCost < costFrequency.length; eachCost++)
        { 
            if (costFrequency[eachCost] > 0)
            {
                int icecreamsCanBuy = Math.min(costFrequency[eachCost], coins / eachCost);
                icecreamsCount += icecreamsCanBuy;
                coins -= icecreamsCanBuy * eachCost;
            }
            if (coins < eachCost) break;
        }
        return icecreamsCount;
    }
}
```
